ACCS-365: Payment Services: Stored Cards at Checkout (#821)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: src/content/docs/dropins/payment-services/initialization.mdx

|---|---|---|---|
| `langDefinitions` | [`LangDefinitions`](#langdefinitions) | No | Language definitions for internationalization (i18n). Override dictionary keys for localization or branding. |
| `apiUrl` | `string` | No |  |
| `getCustomerToken` | `(() => string \| null) \| null` | No | Returns the customer's authentication token for API requests. For UI behavior like the save-card checkbox, see the [`authenticated`](/dropins/all/common-events/#authenticated) event. |
| `storeViewCode` | `string` | No |  |

</TableWrapper>

<Aside type="note">

> When the initializer runs, it configures the drop-in’s commerce API client: it sets the endpoint from `apiUrl` (default `/graphql`) and sends the `Store` header when `storeViewCode` is set. Vaulted card features (`getCustomerPaymentTokens`, `createPaymentOrderForVault`, and related helpers) use that client together with the bearer token from `getCustomerToken` when present.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the initializer runs, it configures the drop-in’s Commerce API client: it sets the endpoint from `apiUrl` (default `/graphql`) and includes the Store header when `storeViewCode` is provided. Vaulted card features—such as `getCustomerPaymentTokens`, `createPaymentOrderForVault`, and related helpers—use this client along with the bearer token from `getCustomerToken`, when available.
```
